1. Did you accomplish step 5 with an event expression or a rule conditional statement? 
What are the advantages and disadvantages of the method you used compared with the other?
    I beleive I used a rule conditional statement because I had a conditional statement in 
    my rule that evaluated weather or not the fire postlude was executed. I think that rule
    conditional statements are more simple to understand but event expresssions can narrow
    down the ammount of times that a rule is evaluated.

2. Suppose you had multiple temperature sensors all sending temperatures to your pico. 
What would be the advantages of creating a separate channel for each sensor? 
    I think that separating out the temperature sensors into different channels would
    allow for some sort of distinction between them. You could then identify a sensor by
    its channel rather than including identifying information in the event itself.

3. What was the output of the testing your ruleset before the find_high_temps rule was added?
How many Directives were returned? How many rules do you think ran?
    Before I added the find_high_temps rule I had 2 directives; the first directive was the initial
    "reading" from the ruleset that emulates a wovyn sensor and the second directive was the
    process_heartbeat rule being fired. I think that it ran 2 rules: The heartbeat rule and 
    the process_heartbeet rule.

4. What was the output of the test after the find_high_temps rule was added? How many directives 
were returned? How many rules do you think ran?
    More directives were output. I believe three directives were returned: One for the original
    rule fireing, one for the process_heartbeat, and another for the find_high_temps. I think that
    3 rules ran: the same two as before and the find_high_temps rule.

5. See Diagram in submissions

6. Would you say that your find_high_temps rule is an event intermediary? if so, what kind?
    I wouls say yes it is. It acts as a gate keeper for the rules that follow it only allowing
    specific temperatrues to pass through it. 

7. How do your logs show that the find_high_Temps rule works? Pick out specific lines and explain them.
    My logs show that the find_high_temps rule works by indicating that the action is fired. My action
    checks to see if the given temperature is over the threshold and if it is then it fires the action.
    This is shown in the logs with the line: fired that appears after output that is specific to the 
    find_high_temps rule.
